Add disclaimer about LLM driven PRs (#7683)
networkx/networkx: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

For more details check out step 1 and 4 of
https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html
-->

> If you are using a LLM or any other AI model (ChatGPT, llama, mistral, claude ...), 

Reviewer: OK... there was a whitespace typo in my suggestion...  But the documentation CI also failed again with the same error. I dont understand why this PR is failing while others pass and the changes don't have anything to do with CUDA versions.

(and change the wording, as well as the whitespace, as desired)
```suggestion
If you are using a LLM or any other AI model (ChatGPT, llama, mistral, claude ...),
```

For more details check out step 1 and 4 of
https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html
-->

> 
> If you are using a LLM or any other AI model (ChatGPT, llama, mistral, claude ...), please read through the [Contributor Guide](https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html) first. Please remove this comment from the description before opening the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are using a LLM or any other AI model (ChatGPT, llama, mistral, claude ...), 
please read and follow the guidelines in the [Contributor Guide](https://networkx.org/documentation/latest/developer/contribute.html)
before submitting your PR. Turn your LLM response into a contribution that
follows guidelines before submitting it.

Remove these comments from the description before opening the Pull Request.
```
